How bad?
Here's the thing.
If you choose to have surgery to remove the clot
There is a certain chance of memory loss
And become a vegetable
If conservative treatment is selected
Waiting for the clot to be absorbed
There is a danger of losing your life at any time
So remember
I suggest you
OK, I see.
Please help me with the hospitalization procedures first
Yeah, all right.
No need to look for a wedding planner
But Mr. Ji still has my illness
Help me keep it a secret
Yes
Hello, I'm going over now.
You take MOMO in and wait for me.
The lady took the child and ordered two glasses of water
Been sitting for 10 minutes
We are a high-end restaurant
Not a rest stop
Excuse me, I'm waiting for someone.
I'll order when someone arrives.
This lady
I think you can't afford to wear this dress.
Please go out
Who says we can't afford it?
Handsome dad
My son will directly laugh at my father in the future
manager
Is this how you teach your subordinates to treat my family?
Eyeless thing
Apologize to the top gifter